I think you know everything about your
dog how about when he snoozing what a
sleeping position can reveal about your
dog you know most dog owners know about
their pets habits and easily understand
when their dog is happy worried
surprised or scared but what does a dog
sleeping position mean like people dogs
also have their preferences and they can
reveal a lot in fact you can even reveal
some of your dog's secrets by analyzing
its favorite resting position but before
you get an insight into your pooches
inner world hit that red subscribe
button right now this simple action will
bring you to the bright side of life oh
and remember to ring the notification
bell otherwise you might miss some cool
daily updates from our Channel
great you're officially a bright Sider
Congrats
now pick the position your dog prefers
for its naps and find out what it means
[Music]
the snowball the snowball is one of the
most popular positions among dogs and
among cats as well in this position a
dog curves its spine and its nose is
located not far from his tail
if you spot your pet lying on its belly
beautifully bent
this may mean one of two things first
it's either late fall or winter outside
and your pooch is trying to conserve as
much heat as possible
the alternative doesn't involve getting
cozy quite the opposite in fact
the snowball position allows an animal
to get up on its feet quickly in case of
danger in short this is a guarding
position most of the time dogs don't
sleep deeply when they're curled like
that this way of sleeping may also mean
that they feel insecure and need
protection and comfort the pancake does
your fluffy friend love nothing more
than to spread flat on its side and
extend its legs
aha that's the pancake position in this
position dogs sleep and rest really well
even if the day hasn't been too tiring
the pancake is the most restorative
position for sleep and in most cases
that's exactly when REM sleep occurs so
don't get spooked if your doggy starts
to kick and paddle out of the blue it's
just acting out its dreams there's one
thing you can't be sure about if your
pooch is flattened against the floor on
its side it doesn't want to be disturbed
it needs some quality rest your pet may
even try to opt for a secure place where
it's unlikely it'll be disturbed
also if a dog sleeps on its side this
means that it feels completely safe
after all it doesn't feel the need to
cover its vital organs only when dogs
feel comfortable and trust the people
surrounding them can they allow
themselves to sleep in this position
such dogs have a very
strong connection to their owners and
families Superman isn't this a hilarious
position for a dog to sleep in when both
its front and back legs are stretched
out far it looks as if your pooch is
about to fly off and save the world does
it mean that you're the owner of a super
dog well you never know what your pet
does when night falls in any case many
puppies can be spotted napping in this
position they sleep this way because
they're energetic and this position
allows them to get up on their feet with
ease as soon as they wake up or in case
of danger but some breeds still sleep
like this even as adults if you notice
that your adult dog prefers this
position it may indicate that it feels
hot perhaps it's been a sweltering day
or your dog has been playing and
exercising too hard your dog may be
simply exhausted
what more explanation is that your pooch
is full of energy and is prepared to
play whenever you decide to wake it up
curled up in a ball you can sometimes
catch your pet curled up in a tight ball
with its tail wrapped around its body
and its paws neatly tucked away this way
of sleeping resembles the fetal position
in humans both people and dogs curl in
on themselves subconsciously trying to
protect their vulnerable inner organs in
this position dogs try to keep their
paws throat and belly safe it's possible
that something may be worrying your pet
if it sleeps like this for example
there's a noise somewhere nearby or the
environment is unfamiliar and therefore
threatening in this case your dog may
need some affection and extra care some
vets say that dogs who sleep in this
position may not feel warm enough in
this case you might consider buying a
heater or investing in a nice blanket
for your doggie to snuggle into but some
dogs really enjoy sleeping this way and
why not everybody should be allowed to
have their little quirks right on its
back this is what my dog likes to do if
your dog prefers sleeping on its back
with its front legs bent over its chest
and its back legs extended you'll
probably guess that it feels at ease
this is the most relaxed sleeping
position among dogs the belly and the
throat stay unprotected and these are
the most vulnerable parts of the body
if your pet sleeps on its back it means
that it fully trusts you and feels
comfortable with you however this
position may also mean that the dog is
hot or it became really tired during the
day in any case it's a good sign if your
dog chooses this position often it means
that your pooch feels confident and
brave and can adapt to different
conditions easily
the dead cockroach this position is a
variation of sleeping on the back the
only difference is that when your pet
assumes the dead cockroach position its
paws stick out in the air at pretty
bizarre angles we bet you can't help
snapping dozens of pictures with those
stretched out legs and for good reason -
they look really funny even if this
position may look a little silly it's
really a positive one it means that your
dog feels completely happy and safe
moreover animals that sleep like this
are usually independent and calm on the
other hand by sleeping in the dead
cockroach position your pet can be
cooling off you must have noticed that
some areas of dogs tummies aren't as
fluffy as the rest of their body
these practically bald spots are
intended for hmm let's say ventilation
in this position when you're poor
overheated ball of fur exposes its belly
to the air it has more chances to cool
off quickly than in other sleeping
positions the Sphinx
has your dog picked the position of a
sphinx for its rest in this position the
front paws are stretched straight in
front of the animal while the back legs
are tucked under the sphinx position
allows your dog to take off running as
soon as you call it not many dogs sleep
this way and this is kind of a
transitional state between wakefulness
and rest this position is often chosen
by dogs that are either unsure about
their surroundings or about what they're
supposed to do next if nothing important
or dangerous happens your dog may just
roll over on its side
and get some more serious sleep the
Burrow are can you dig it does your dog
seem unable to fall asleep if there
aren't any closed pillows or blankets at
hand or is it better to say at paw hmm
actually anything that can cover a dog
will do if your pooch is a burrower it
needs more affection and attention than
any other animal
when such dogs snuggle into something
cozy they're searching for security and
comfort and here's a bonus how to
understand that your dog is absolutely
unique here's a great way to make sure
your dog is unique if you notice that
one part of your pet rests on a
comfortable sofa and the other rests on
a hard unforgiving floor and your dog is
sound asleep at this time
congratulations
you're the owner of a unique dog and how
does your dog sleep why do you think
this position is your pet's favorite so
tell us all about it in the comments
below if this video has opened your eyes
to the reasons behind your dog's
behavior give us a thumbs up and
remember to click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
you